3 5 4 45 56 60 91 9 7 44 73 15 58 62 3 12 91 38 4,231 5,990 6,009 88 801 630 753
324 3,751 3,214 9,059 60 90 38 3,036 6,129 5,455 291

president, principle, proceed, without, within, police, plea, opinion, upon, in
our, end, under, understand, understood, between, interest, ask, ask the, ask
you, could, would, account, can I, can you, did, did the, did you, did he, do,
do you, do you know, difficult, doctor, you had, he had, they had, around, from,
if, if a, if the, if I, if he, if you, follow, figure, finance, financial,
photograph, which, which is, children, about, about a, about you, be, business,
before, before the, because, belief, believe, but, but the, any, necessary,
been, had been, would be

2546APT, HXT9288, VERB8EM, 5H8F93S, W4R8D9Q, 6VBC576, HGF7651, 8JHU879, HVB878K

---

That must be treated as though you had never known it. You must consider
evidence that has been presented on both sides, even though it is the duty of
the district attorney. Both counsels will present opening statements that are
not to be used in making your decisions. Your duty is to determine the truth for
the evidence presented in the testimony of the witnesses, and other material
facts. You are cautioned not to speculate in this regard. In doing so, you must
keep in mind that there has been testimony stricken from the record. That
testimony is not to be considered in your decision. You must not include this
testimony when you are making your decision as to the facts in this case. You
must not speculate with regard to what might have been the reason for the
objection. As I indicated, you are to get the bailiff to take the question, or
questions, to me. I will answer your questions as best I can. This is a crime
involving a business entity. You must consider that a business entity is a
person before the law. The crime involves the corporation, and more than one
party. The parties are the principals in the organisation. They are all
principals, with regard to the crime, and principals in the organisation.

Who Moved My Cheese
They didn't find any for some time until they finally went into an area of the
maze they had never been before: Cheese Station N. They squealed with delight.
They found what they had been looking for: a great supply of new cheese. They
could hardly believe their eyes. It was the biggest store of cheese the mice had
ever seen. In the meantime, Hem and Haw was still back in Cheese Station C,
evaluating their situation. They were now suffering from the effects of having
no cheese. They were blaming becoming frustrated and angry, and were blaming
each other for the situation they were in. Now and then, Haw thought about his
mice buddies Sniff and Scurry, and wandered if they had found any cheese yet. He
believed they might be having a hard time, as running through the maze usually
involved some uncertainty. But, he also knew that it was also likely to only
last for a while. Sometimes Haw would imagine Sniff and Scurry finding new
cheese and enjoying it. He thought about how good it would be for him to be out
on an adventure in the maze, and to find fresh new cheese. He could almost taste
it. The more clearly Haw saw the image of himself finding and enjoying the new
cheese, the more he saw himself leaving Cheese Station C. "Let's go!", he
exclaimed all of a sudden. "No!", Hem quickly responded, "I like it here. It's
comfortable. It's what I know. Besides, it's scary out there". "No, it isn't",
Haw said. "We've run through many parts of the maze before, and we can do it
again". "I'm getting too old for that", Hem said. "And, I'm afraid, I'm not
interested in getting lost and making a fool of myself. Are you?". With that,
Haw's fear of failing returned, and his hope of finding new cheese faded.

He indicated he could not figure out why the testimony differed in the two
portions of the transcript. He indicated that he thought that the court reporter
could have been in error. It could have been that he had not read the report
well enough. He indicated that he was required to work additional hours at that
time, giving that as the reason why he didn't have time to read all of the
testimony. He indicated that he didn't know why the testimony differed. He asked
if he could have some time to have a look at the statements that he was supposed
to have made. The attorney let him look at the transcript in court. The police
officer's lack of credibility was so noted by the court. The police officer's
lack of credibility was a problem. He indicated that the police officer was
responsible for the testimony that did not match. At one point during the trial,
the defendant's attorney asked for a directed verdict based upon the fact that
the evidence in the case did not seem to point to the defendant's guilt. The
fact that the police officer had conflicting testimony in both his own verbatim
transcript, and in his testimony in court, was reason enough for the defendant's
attorney to ask for a directed verdict. He indicated that that the police
officer did not provide a creditable transcript. The case was supposed to be
based on the testimony of the police officer. If there were errors in the
transcript, as claimed by the police officer, those errors should have been
found prior to the police officer signing the transcript. He was responsible for
reading and signing the record. Any police officer should know that it is his
duty to find any errors of fact that were made in the testimony, and that he
should not have signed the prior testimony until such errors in the verbatim
transcript were noted. Any police officer should know that it is important to
provide a consistent testimony. The police officer used an excuse, saying that
he did not have enough time to review the verbatim transcript. It was pointed
out to him that he had the amount of time that everyone was given under the law
to review the testimony.
