to go, to the, in the, for the, I can, very many, if I, could have, what is,
when is, would have, if you

We plan to go to the mountains for the weekend. Are there very many rentals
available in the area. Maybe I can make reservations in advance. If I could have
your lodging directory, I can check what is available. When is the lake open to
the public? It would have been nice if you could have taken the trip, too.

quality, profanity, locality, quantity, priority, legality, activity, celebrity,
vicinity, city, majority, utility

What city do you live in? Will the city council meet tonight? Josh is a
celebrity in his hometown. Tell me the locality of the accident. What is the
exact locality of the loading strip? Do you live in the vicinity of City Hall?
Were you riding your bicycle in the vicinity of the park? He uses a lot of
profanity. The case involves the use of a great deal of profanity. Can you
certify the legality of this document? Do you question the legality of that
instrument? Are you interested in the quality of the product? Mike is in charge
of quality control. My utility bills are very high. The utility companies are
monopolies. Give this job first priority. What is your first priority? The
majority of the testimony is completed. Did the majority of the population vote
against the plan? What outdoor activity to you enjoy the most? Do you have to
restrict your physical activity? Is the quantity of rugs what you ordered? Did
you verify the quantity of books that the library loaned to East High School?

Adairville: 852
Albany: 2,033
Alexandria: 8,477
Allen: 193
Allensville: 189
Anchorage: 2,408
Arlington: 324
Ashland: 21,684
Auburn: 1,340
Audubon Park: 1,473
Bancroft: 494
Augusta: 1,190
Bardstown: 11,700
Bardwell: 723
Barlow: 675
Beattyville: 1,307
Beaver Dam: 3,409
Bedford: 599

Brian brought a loaf of bread. The brown brushes belong to Brett. On Tuesday,
are we meeting for breakfast or brunch? The British fleet sails for Britain on
Wednesday. The bracelet and the bracket are made of brass. We drove the car to
the end of the driveway. Sam dragged the drum to the dump. Sally dreamed about
the dress. Ellen dropped the drink on the drill. The druggist sent his drip-dry
jacket to the dry cleaners. The dreadful drizzle continued to cause the boat to
drift. The coach will reach a decision on Friday. Was the hitching post one inch
above the branch? For lunch, we had a sandwich and a bunch of grapes. The quiche
was much too rich. The witch watched the man attach the chain to the latch. The
matches belonged to Mitch.
