is, the, is the, can, a, is a, had, had the, had a, ready, with, with a, with
the, of, of the, are, are the, can a, can be, I, will, will be, will the, it, it
is, it will, it's, is it, is it the, is it a, little, require, he, he is, is he,
she, she is, we, we are, they, they will, they are, well, legal, letter,
receipt, error, oh, this, this is, that, that is, that the, there, there is,
there are, is this, is that, is there, think, to, to be, on, on the, regard,
record, report, reason, season, seen, you, had you, to you, you will, will you,
with you, you are, are you, up, up the, in, in a, in the, result, return, order,
in order, notice, until, until the, new, newspaper, where, where are, where is,
where the, were, were the, who, who is, what, what is, what you, when, when is,
when I, when he, when the, also, already, always

6 5 1 7 4 2 6 9 8 15 86 64 81 32 18 27 49 678 991 974 476 984 881 2,735 7,699
4,022 8,567 9,119 7,419 7,693 8,419 8,138 8,330 2,196 4,321 19 85 2 49 9 88 2 5
31 76 44 8 47 4 94 6 89 5 3 61

---

The jurors remarked that the defendant's attorney had made both a strong opening
and closing statement. The closing statement of the defendant's attorney and the
lack of credibility of the police officer's testimony seemed to be the most
important reasons why the jurors felt the case had gone to the defendant. Both
attorneys had an opportunity to find as much evidence as they could about the
case. That process about finding evidence, called discovery process. One of the
main ways that you discover evidence can be prior testimony. Testimony that
takes place outside of court in the presence of a court reporter. One of the
persons who was called to testify was the police officer who was on the scene
shortly after the shooting occurred. When the defense attorney called him to
take his testimony, while trying to discover the facts in the case, the police
officer gave one set of facts. The police officer was subjected to questioning,
and his testimony was written up as an official record. When the court date
arrived, he was not prepared. He had reviewed the testimony he had given shortly
after he had given it, but several months had passed. He went into court to
testify on the same matter, and didn't remember much about what he had testified
previously. The court reporter who took down his testimony prepared the
testimony in written form. It was sent to him and returned without any errors
being marked on it. Both sides may question as many people as they wish. The
court reporter charges the attorney for her services that day. The court
reporter charges for the pages that are produced by the testimony that has been
given.

Who Moved My Cheese?
When they arrived at their destination, the mice took off their running shoes,
tied them together, and hung them around their necks, so they could get to them
quickly wherever they needed them again. Then, they enjoyed the cheese. In the
beginning, Hem and Haw also raced toward Cheese Station C every morning to enjoy
the tasty new morsels that awaited them. But after a while, a different routine
set in for the little people. Hem and Haw awoke each day a little later, dressed
a little slower, and walked to Cheese Station C. After all, they knew where the
cheese was now, and how to get there. They had no idea where the cheese came
from, or who put it there. They just assumed it would be there. As soon as Hem
and Haw arrived at Cheese Station C each morning, they settled in and made
themselves at home. They hung up their jogging suits, put away their running
shoes, and put on their slippers. They were becoming very comfortable now that
they had found the cheese. "This is great", Hem said, "there's enough cheese to
last us forever". The little people felt happy and successful, and thought they
were now secure. It wasn't long before Hem and Haw regarded the cheese they
found at Cheese Station C as their cheese. It was such a large store of cheese
that they eventually moved their homes to be closer to it, and built a social
life around it.

Bart Bell, ransom, conspiracy, hypothetical question, kidnapping, secretly
confined

Members of the jury, in this case, the state has charged the defendant with
having conspired with a second man to commit the crime of kidnapping. The crime
of conspiracy, as defined by the laws of this state, is committed if one person
combines with someone else to commit a crime and if either he, or the other
person, does an act to carry out that crime. Before you may find Bart Bell
guilty, the state must prove that all of these elements were present, and it
must do so by evidence, which is proven beyond a reasonable doubt. The first one
requires that the defendant intended that the crime of kidnapping take place.
The crime of kidnapping as I use that term in this case, is committed by one who
uses deceit to induce a child to go from one location to another, and who does
so with intent to cause her to be secretly confined.

Who Moved My Cheese?
To make themselves feel more at home, Hem and Haw decorated the walls with
sayings, and even drew pictures of cheese around them, which made them smile.
One read "Having cheese makes you happy". Sometimes, Hem and Haw would take
their friends by to see their pile of cheese at Cheese Station C, and point to
it with pride. Saying "pretty nice cheese, huh?". Sometimes, they shared it with
their friends, and sometimes they didn't. "We deserve this cheese", Hem said,
"we certainly had to work long and hard enough to find it". He picked up a nice,
fresh piece and ate it. Afterwards, Hem fell asleep, as he often did. Every
night the little people would waddle home full of cheese, and every morning they
would confidently return for more. This went on for quite some time. After a
while, Hem's and Haw's confidence grew into arrogance. Soon, they became so
comfortable, they didn't even notice what was happening.

This intent to cause her to be secretly confined must be determined to be fact.
You cannot look into his mind to find out his intent. You may, however,
determine it from all the facts from evidence in this case. You may consider his
conduct or any statements he made, which show his state of mind. However, you
should also remember that while you may find his intent from certain statements
or conduct, you are not required to do so. You are the sole judges of the facts.
The second element of the crime of conspiracy requires that Bart Bell did join
in with somebody else to kidnap the child. He was part of a conspiracy if he
went along with, or agreed with, someone else, to do the crime. It is a mutual
understanding that the two will work together for a common criminal purpose.
